
# CD-2122-G05-TF
Final practical evaluation project for the Distributed Computing course in the winter semester 21/22 at the Superior Institute of Engineering of Lisbon.

This practical work consists of 7 components:
  - UserImpl: 	      Client application
  - SensorSimulator:  Sensor simulation application
  - FrontEndImpl:     Front-End group server application
  - FrontEndContract: gRPC contract for communication between client application and Front-End servers
  - EventProcessor:   Event processing group server application
  - EventLogger:      Application for logging events received at the second level
  - Configurator:     Application to configure RabbitMQ server at the second level


## Modo de execução:
First, you must compile and publish the communication contract project between the client application and Front-End servers in the local Maven repository.
To do this, you only need to run the "package" maven command in a command terminal in the root directory of each project to compile the code and the "install" command to publish the project.
With the contract published, it is now necessary to generate the artifacts of the remaining applications. In a command terminal in the root directory of each project, you should execute the "package" maven command.

To run the applications, after generating the respective artifacts, you must execute the following commands in the respective "target" directory generated by compiling the artifacts:

 - Event simulation application:
	> java -cp SensorSimulator-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar simulator.SensorSimulator {mode} {brokerIP} {eventsNumber}
  
  - RabbitMQ server configuration application:
	> java -cp Configurator-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar rmqconfigurator.RabbitConfigurator {brokerIP}

  - Logging application:
	> java -cp EventLogger-1.0-jar-with-dependencies logger.Logger {brokerIP}

  - EPG server application:
	> java -cp EventProcessor-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar eventsProcessor.EventProcessor {id} {brokerIP} {daemonIP}

  - Front-End server application:
	> java -cp FrontEndImpl-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar frontEnd.Main {id} {daemonIP} {serverPort}

 - Client application:	
	 >java -cp EventsUser-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar EventsUser {serverIP} {serverPort}

#### Notas:
 - {mode} represents the simulator operation mode, value 1 to run in automatic mode, any other non-null value to run in manual mode.
 - {eventsNumber} represents the number of events to be generated by the simulator, this argument is optional.
 - {id} represents the unique numerical identifier of the process.
 - {brokerIP} represents the IP of the RabbitMQ server.
 - {daemonIP} represents the IP of the Spread Daemon server.
 - {serverPort} represents the gRPC server port on which it will listen.
 - {serverIP} represents the gRPC server IP.
